

# Tips

- Write one sentence per line.
  - Line breaks in tex file does not mean line breaks in the pdf.
  - It makes it easier to recognize if one sentence is too long.
  - It helps communication (e.g., look at line 194) and locate latex error. I hope you don't mind me doing this.

- create commands for inline comments
  - In case you want to make sure to fix something before you submit, inline comments will be useful. Also Overleaf does not migrate comments when the text are cut and pasted.
  - The following syntax will create a command for yourself. (In this case `\sang{ this text will appear as a inline comment}` will be the command)
  - If you would like to know how long the document is when all the comments are cleard, you can simply take out #1 from the \out comment. (or uncomment the other line)
```
\newcommand{\out}[1]{{#1}}
%\newcommand{\out}[1]{{}}
\newcommand{\sang}[1]{\out{{\small\textcolor{blue}{\bf[*** Sang: #1]}}}}
```

- When you cite, instead of having a space between a text and citation, put tilde as follows. `~\cite{}`. The tilde ~ is an ***unbreakable space***, i.e. the line will never be broken at this position. If you write Table~\ref{...} the table number generated by \ref will always be on the same line as Table , which is the preferable formatting. The tilde is also used in names if they include a title, like Dr.~Faust, which will also ensure that the "Dr." and the name is not broken between two lines, and also ensures that the . is not taken as a full-stop, which usually produces a larger space after it.

- If you have a system name in your paper, consider to create a command to generate the system name so it is easier in case you want to change the system name. For example, if you named a system Remo, create a command as follows. And then changing it will be a simple one line change.

```
\newcommand{\sys}{Remo}
\newcommand{\capsys}{REMO}
```
